To whom it may concern:

Thank you for your consideration! I have had the pleasure of meeting a few American Express employees through the DevMountain network, each one of them excited to talk about the technologies they use everyday at work. When I think about how I want to view my work and the people I work with, I want to have that outlook: passion and excitement! I consider myself to be an incredibly passionate person about the world of software, often times spending longer hours than planned just reading and absorbing knowledge about software. I also consider myself one who is always tweaking and messing with things so they break, get fixed, and then break again. I think this style of working has given me good exposure to ways of doing things that others might not come across due to lack of exploration. One thing I like about American Express is that they support their employees in constant growth and education, because I sure have a lot of things on my software wish-list that I would love to learn!

Pertaining to this specific position, I am a great candidate due to my proficiency in React and my understanding of what makes it special versus other potential frameworks. My ES6 skills lay the foundation for writing code in any framework, and writing that code in a clean, concise, and modular manner. I think what makes writing clean and modular code so enjoyable is the seeing power that comes out of something so small. The opportunity to build out new user-facing features in React is definitely a great time to make it as clean and modular as possible, right from the start. I would love to be part of a team that is dedicated to these standards of writing high-quality code.

Again, thank you for your consideration and I hope to be speaking with you soon!
